WEEKLY UPDATE - AARON AND AMAAN - SPRING SEMESTER

-----Week 1-----
Aaron figured out how to generate and implement DLLs, allowing C++ code to work through Unity and its C# scripting. See 
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/integrating-native-c-c-libraries-with-unity-as-plugins-a-step-by-step-guide-17ad70c2e3b4
as a guideline to do so. He also worked through creating new project files (required for DLLs) through Visual Studio 2017
that work with OpenPose using https://github.com/quickgrid/Setup-Guide/blob/master/README.md#windows-10-cmu-openpose-setup-visual-studio-2019-cmake-nvidia-gpu .
NOTE: the installation method is untested, only the visual studio setup is.

Amaan attempted to setup a camera space in the lab at Cooper, but the Autonomy Lab laptop had issues with making
the Openpose build due to "pthreads" library issues; this is a resolvable problem, probably due to the library not being 
in PATH, needs Caffe dependency installed separately, or needs updates.

-----Week 2-----
Aaron started working on a unity skeleton rig. The current plan is to use the multi-position constraint and the multi-rotation constraint in conjunction with
the c++ program to work in real time with an interactive skeleton, while also adding on the Oculus head as the 'base' of the rig.

Amaan configured the Aaron-Amaan code in the Linux system; setup Blender code as well. Still working on Blender documentation writeup.
Was reading upon different calibration methods; currently working on calibrating the stereo camera setup with the laptop at Cooper
and packaging the Blender demo program.

-----Week 3-----
Aaron continued work on the skeleton rig.

Amaan met up with Lucia and Esther to discuss a plan on how to automate annotation process to generate a training dataset. In search for existing 
automated annotation programs and currently developing a program to setup an automated annotation program. 

-----Week 4-----
Amaan fixed the upper body angles over estimation problem and completely implemented the lower body synchronization for Blender model. However, there needs to be more 
on legs orientation; developed a proper demo. Working on optimizing the pose algorithm and configuring the laptop with the Blender and openpose setup. Furthermore, working
with Lucia and Esther on implementing a semi-supervised CNN for generating an automated training dataset. 

Aaron decided to shift from DLLs to using JSON data due to difficulties conbining the unity and C++ code without stopping the program. He decided on
what is considered a desireable open-source JSON generator called RapidJSON (https://rapidjson.org/) and is working to implement it into the original code and C#.

-----Week 5-----
Aaron put together the VIP video, and successfully imported 3D keypoint data to control a game object in Unity using its built-in JSON API.

Amaan is still working on fixing the calibration issue in laptop.

-----Week 6-----
Aaron continued working on improving the Unity model.

Amaan is still working on fixing calibration issue in laptop. 

-----Week 7-----
Amaan developed script to set up Kahan openpose with 3D pose estimation code; working on recording keypoint data in Blender; 
still working on fixing calibration issue for laptop.

Aaron switched from the standard Animation Controller to use the Animation Rigging preview in Unity. It is designed for real-time animation edits, instead of relying
on pre-built animations that make real-time updates extremely difficult with the controller. He implemented a way to control the arms of a model using inverse kinematics,
and is working on combining the previous JSON output of keypoint data with the new IK-compatible real-time rig.

-----Week 8-----
Aaron focused on exams.

-----Week 9-----
Aaron worked on integrating the Unity IK rig with the keypoint output from the detection code.

-----Week 10-----
Aaron prepared and submitted the poster and abstract for the SIGGRAPH 2021 Conference.

-----Week 11-----
Aaron further tested the calibration issues with the software to make sure it was a program error. He tested it with a checkerboard on a white background and with less frames,
but still had issues with the length of time for stereo calibration.
